state-res: Add helper types to deserialize auth events lazily (#2036)
ruma/ruma: crates/ruma-state-res/CHANGELOG.md

- Don't propagate errors from `auth_check()` in `resolve()`. If an event fails
  the authorization check, it should just be ignored for the resolved state.
- Don't error on deserialization of malformed fields that are not checked in the
  authorization rules for `m.room.create`, `m.room.member`,
  `m.room.power_levels` and `m.room.join_rules` events.

Improvements:

- New types with lazy deserialization can be used by servers over the stricter

>   types from ruma-events to access the fields of an event when received over

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- New types with lazy deserialization that can be used by servers over the
  stricter types from ruma-events to access the fields of an event received over
```

Author: Applied
